Framing how to use framework (#432)
mongodb/chatbot: README.md

The MongoDB Chatbot Framework is a set of libraries that you can use to build
full-stack intelligent chatbot applications using MongoDB and [Atlas Vector Search](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-vector-search/vector-search-overview/).
The MongoDB Chatbot Framework includes first class support for
retrieval-augmented generation (RAG).

> You can use the framework to take your application from prototype to production.
> You can quickly build a prototype using the framework to get an AI chatbot powered by MongoDB up and running. You can then use the framework's extensible interfaces to scale your chatbot to production with features like evaluation, complex prompting strategies, and support for multiple AI models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The framework can take your chatbot application from prototype to production.

You can quickly get an AI chatbot enhanced with your data up and running using
the framework's built-in data ingest process, chatbot server, and web UI. As you
refine your application and scale to more users, you can customize the chatbot's
behavior to meet your needs. It includes support for complex prompting
strategies across multiple AI models as well as programmatic testing and
evaluation of your chatbot's output.
```

wordsmith

The MongoDB Chatbot Framework is a set of libraries that you can use to build
full-stack intelligent chatbot applications using MongoDB and [Atlas Vector Search](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-vector-search/vector-search-overview/).
The MongoDB Chatbot Framework includes first class support for
retrieval-augmented generation (RAG).

The framework can take your chatbot application from prototype to production.

You can quickly get an AI chatbot enhanced with your data up and running using
the framework's built-in data ingest process, chatbot server, and web UI. As you
refine your application and scale to more users, you can modify the chatbot's
behavior to meet your needs.

> The framework is flexible and customizable. It supports multiple AI models and
> complex prompting strategies. It also includes tools for programmatic testing
> and evaluation of your chatbot's output.

Author: ```suggestion
The framework is flexible and customizable. It supports multiple AI models and
complex prompting strategies. It also includes tools for programmatic evaluation of your chatbot's AI components.
```
